History of the Kansas City metropolitan area
The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs and trade with the Native Americans.
 The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Kansas at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, was a strategic point for commerce and security.
 Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838 and defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis.
 The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States.
 The Santa Fe, and Oregon trails ran through the area.
 In 1854, when Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement, the Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.
University of the Incarnate Word
The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) is a private Catholic university whose main campus is located in San Antonio and Alamo Heights, Texas, United States.
 Founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, the university's main campus is located on 154 acre .
Federal University of Paraíba
The Federal University of Paraíba (Portuguese: "Universidade Federal da Paraíba" , UFPB) is a public university whose main campus is located in the city of João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil.
 Together with the Federal University of Campina Grande, it is the main university of the state of Paraiba, Brazil.
Kansas City metropolitan area
The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri, that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas.
 With a population of about 2,340,000, it ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri (after Greater St. Louis).
 Alongside Kansas City, the area includes a number of other cities and suburbs, the largest being Overland Park, Kansas; Kansas City, Kansas; Olathe, Kansas; and Independence, Missouri; each over 100,000 in population.
 The Mid-America Regional Council (MARC) serves as the Council of Governments and the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the area.
University of Missouri–Kansas City
The University of Missouri–Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university serving the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
 Located in Kansas City, Missouri, UMKC is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri.
 UMKC is spread across multiple locales; the main Volker Campus, home to the majority of university operations, is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood, east of the Country Club Plaza, and adjacent to both the Stowers Institute for Medical Research and the world-renowned Linda Hall Library.
 In 2017 the University, in collaboration with Truman Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital, the Missouri Health Department, the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office, and the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine, formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill.
 This district is a first-in-the-nation partnership between local and state governments, the university, and these nationally recognized healthcare faculties, designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach, for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area.
 Also in 2017, the university announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity with the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts, located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts.
 The university's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.
Downtown Kansas City
Downtown Kansas City is the central business district (CBD) of Kansas City, Missouri and the Kansas City metropolitan area.
 It is between the Missouri River in the north, to 31st Street in the south; and from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive as defined by the Downtown Council of Kansas City; the 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan formulated by the City of Kansas City defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north, the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west, 31st Street to the south and Woodland Avenue to the east.
 However, the definition used by the Downtown Council is the most commonly accepted.
University of Kansas
The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas.
 The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence.
 Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City.
 There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina.
 The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.
Kansas City jazz
Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz that developed in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri and the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area during the 1930s and marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop.
 The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie who in 1929 signed with the Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra and Kansas City native Charlie Parker who was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s.
 According to a Kansas City website, "While New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz, America's music grew up in Kansas City".
 Kansas City is known as one of the most popular "cradles of jazz".
 Other cities include New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and New York City.
North Kansas City, Missouri
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
 The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census.
 Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits.
 North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.
Kansas City Scout
Kansas City Scout is one of the United States' largest electronic traffic management systems.
 It was created in 2000 as part of a bi-state initiative between the Missouri Department of Transportation and the Kansas Department of Transportation to provide this system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, which is in both Missouri and Kansas (the anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri).
 The project's cost was $43 million.
 Of that amount, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost.
 KDOT and MoDOT shared the remaining cost.
 The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area that display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed (due to an accident, lane closure, highway closure etc.), and the system also has cameras on those billboards to automatically detect traffic problems.
 While the system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area it still has much more to cover.
 Since it would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro (which has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States), studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates.
 Since the project's beginning, it has expanded greatly, and will continue to expand.
 Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635 and cover I-435 even more (especially in the northern areas of the metro) as well as other major city highways.
 It was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue that exists in Penn Valley Park, overlooking Downtown Kansas City.
Gone in 60 Seconds (2000 film)
Gone in 60 Seconds is a 2000 American action heist film, starring Nicolas Cage, Angelina Jolie, Giovanni Ribisi, Christopher Eccleston, Robert Duvall, Vinnie Jones, and Will Patton.
 The film was directed by Dominic Sena, written by Scott Rosenberg, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, producer of "The Rock" and "Con Air" (both of which starred Cage) and "Armageddon" (which starred Patton), and is a loose remake of the 1974 H.B. Halicki film of the same name.
Deadfall (1993 film)
Deadfall is a 1993 crime drama film directed by Christopher Coppola.
 Coppola co-wrote the script with Nick Vallelonga.
 The film stars Michael Biehn, Nicolas Cage, Charlie Sheen, James Coburn, and Peter Fonda.
 It is also the prime influence on the song 'Deadfall', written by the American hardcore punk band Snot.
 A prequel/sequel, "Arsenal", starring Nicolas Cage as his character Eddie King, was released in 2017.
Time to Kill (1989 film)
Time to Kill (Italian: Tempo di uccidere ) is a 1989 Italian drama film starring Nicolas Cage and Italian actors Ricky Tognazzi and Giancarlo Giannini .
 It is directed by Giuliano Montaldo.
 The film is set in 1936, when Ethiopia was an Italian colony, and was filmed in Zimbabwe.
 It is based on the novel with the same name written by Ennio Flaiano.
The Family Man
The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Brett Ratner, written by David Diamond and David Weissman, and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni.
 Cage's production company, Saturn Films, helped produce the film.
 The film centers on a man who sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior.
Drive Angry
Drive Angry is a 2011 American fantasy action film starring Nicolas Cage and Amber Heard, and directed by Patrick Lussier.
 It was released on February 25, 2011.
 Shot in 3-D, the film was met with a mixed reception and grossed almost $29 million.
Season of the Witch (2011 film)
Season of the Witch is a 2011 American historical fantasy adventure film starring Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman and directed by Dominic Sena with extensive uncredited reshoots by Brett Ratner.
 Cage and Perlman star as Teutonic Knights, who return from the Crusades to find their fatherland ruined by the Black Death.
 Two church elders accuse a girl (Claire Foy) of being a witch responsible for the destruction; they command the two knights to transport the girl to a monastery so the monks can lift her curse from the land.
 The film draws inspiration from the 1957 film "The Seventh Seal".
 It reunited Sena and Cage who had previously worked together on "Gone in 60 Seconds".
Bangkok Dangerous (2008 film)
Bangkok Dangerous is a 2008 crime thriller film written and directed by the Pang Brothers, and starring Nicolas Cage.
 It is a remake of the Pangs' 1999 debut "Bangkok Dangerous", a Thai film, for which Cage's production company, Saturn Films, purchased the remake rights.
City of Angels (film)
City of Angels is a 1998 American romantic fantasy film directed by Brad Silberling and starring Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan.
 Set in Los Angeles, California, the film is a loose remake of Wim Wenders' 1987 film "Wings of Desire" ("Der Himmel über Berlin"), which was set in Berlin.
 As with the original, "City of Angels" tells the story of an angel (Cage) who falls in love with a mortal woman (Ryan), and wishes to become human in order to be with her.
 With the guidance of a man (Dennis Franz) who has already made the transition from immortality, the angel falls and discovers the human experience.
It Could Happen to You (1994 film)
It Could Happen to You is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Nicolas Cage and Bridget Fonda.
 It is the story of New York City police officer (Cage) who wins the lottery and splits his winnings with a waitress (Fonda).
 This basic premise was inspired by a real-life incident.
Ungod
Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward.
 The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick, England, and released on February 15, 1994.
 With adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode a second album was warranted, "Wither Blister Burn & Peel".
 The guitar line in the chorus of the song "Ungod" was later used in Filter's song "Hey Man, Nice Shot."
 Stuart Zechman, who was also playing guitar for Filter at the time, took the riff and showed it to Stabbing Westward who ended up using it as well.
 The song "Nothing" appeared in the "Bad Boys" movie starring Will Smith, Martin Lawrence and Téa Leoni, but was not featured on the official soundtrack album.
 The song also accompanied the credits of the film "Johnny Mnemonic" and was included on the film's soundtrack, along with the song "Lost".
 "Lost", "Lies" and "Can't Happen Here" were used in the film "Mortal Kombat", but Stabbing Westward refused to include it in the official soundtrack.
 The "Thread Mix" of "Violent Mood Swings" was included in the Clerks soundtrack.
Guns N' Roses discography
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985 by members of Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns.
 The band has released six studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, two extended plays, seven video albums, eighteen singles, twenty four music videos and one video single.
 Guns N' Roses signed a deal with Geffen Records in 1986, after the independently released EP "Live ?!
*@ Like a Suicide" a year before.
 Its debut studio album "Appetite for Destruction" was released in 1987, reached the top of the "Billboard" 200 and sold 18 million units in the United States and approximately 33 million units worldwide.
Get Christie Love!
Get Christie Love!
 is a 1974 made-for-television film and subsequent crime drama TV series starring Teresa Graves as an undercover female police detective who is determined to overthrow a drug ring.
 This film is based on Dorothy Uhnak's crime-thriller novel "The Ledger".
 However, the main character "Christie Opara"—a white, New York Police detective—was dropped completely and "Christie Love" emerged.
End of Days (film)
End of Days is a 1999 American fantasy action horror thriller film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, Rod Steiger, CCH Pounder, and Udo Kier.
 The film follows former New York Police Department detective Jericho Cane (Schwarzenegger) after he saves a banker (Byrne) from an assassin, finds himself embroiled in a religious conflict, and must protect an innocent young woman (Tunney) who is chosen by evil forces to conceive the Antichrist with Satan.
Steven Adler
Steven Adler (born Michael Coletti; January 22, 1965) is an American musician.
 He is best known as the former drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s.
 Adler was fired from Guns N' Roses over his heroin addiction in 1990, following which he reformed his old band Road Crew and briefly joined BulletBoys, which both proved unsuccessful.
 During the 2000s, Adler was the drummer of the band Adler's Appetite, and from 2012, he had held the same position in the band Adler.
 In early 2017, Steven Adler declared that he has no intention to continue with the band, and that the band has now dissolved, and the reason is his lack of interest in performing during poorly attended concerts.
 He appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality TV show "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew", as well as on the first season of its spin-off "Sober House".
 He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 as a member of Guns N' Roses.
Faction Punk
Faction With Jason Ellis is an uncensored hard rock, punk, hip hop, and heavy metal music mixed channel on Siruis XM Satellite Radio.
 Until mid-July 2017, Faction appeared on Sirius XM channel 41.
 In mid-July 2017, Faction was temporarily replaced by Guns N Roses radio.
 After August 16, 2017, channel 41 was rebranded to Turbo, Sirius XM's channel for hard rock from the 1990s and 2000s.
 Faction moved to channel 314, Turbo's previous channel.
 Faction is currently available on select Sirius XM radios, Sirius XM streaming, and the Sirius XM smartphone app.
Hammerjack's
Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was a large concert hall in downtown Baltimore through the 1980s and into the 1990s owned by Louis J. Principio III The club attracted many big-name national acts, but also showcased many rising stars in the music world.
 The bands ranged from punk, glam, and heavy metal acts most commonly associated with the venue (e.g., Guns n Roses, Kix, Ratt, Skid Row or Extreme) to pop (e.g., Badfinger) and alternative rock groups (e.g., Goo Goo Dolls).
 The club was often frequented by hard core patrons and musicians donning big hair, leather, lace, spandex, and heavy makeup, and was considered a "hard rock shrine."
 Hamerjacks, however, attracted audiences with other attire as well.
 It was torn down on June 12, 1997 to make way for M&T Bank Stadium parking lot.
 Hammerjacks was billed as "The largest nightclub on the east coast."
The Recycler
Born in 1973, and relaunched in 2010 as a national website, The Recycler classified newspaper was one of the first online classified sites on the web and helped to launch the careers of many Los Angeles bands including Guns N Roses, Metallica, and Motley Crue.
 The company was sold by the Los Angeles Times to Target Media Partners in 2007 is now located in North Hollywood, California.
Last Action Hero
Last Action Hero is a 1993 American fantasy action comedy film directed and produced by John McTiernan.
 It is a satire of the action genre and associated clichés, containing several parodies of action films in the form of films within the film.
The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as Jack Slater, a Los Angeles police detective within the "Jack Slater" action film franchise.
 Austin O'Brien co-stars as a boy magically transported into the "Slater" universe.
 Schwarzenegger also served as the film's executive producer and plays himself as the actor portraying Jack Slater, and Charles Dance plays an assassin who escapes from the "Slater" world into the real world.
True Lies
True Lies is a 1994 American action film written, co-produced and directed by James Cameron, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Arnold, Art Malik, Tia Carrere, Bill Paxton, Eliza Dushku, Grant Heslov and Charlton Heston.
 It is a loose remake of the 1991 French comedy film "La Totale!
" The film follows U.S. government agent Harry Tasker (Schwarzenegger), who balances his life as a spy with his familial duties.
Arnold Schwarzenegger filmography
Arnold Schwarzenegger is an actor who has appeared in over 30 films, and has also ventured into directing and producing.
 He began his acting career primarily with small roles in film and television.
 For his first film role, he was credited as "Arnold Strong", but was credited with his birth name thereafter.
 He has appeared mainly in action, and comedy films.
 In addition to films and television, he has appeared in music videos for AC/DC, Bon Jovi, and Guns N' Roses.
Pershing Square Capital Management
Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company founded and run by Bill Ackman, located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.
Loan modification in the United States
Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances.
 Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure.
 Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's.
 Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed.
 Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion.
 Thus the birth of Modifications.
 It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance.
 FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence.
 Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal.
 Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash.
 Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them.
 Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s.
 During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions.
 The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices.
 During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization.
 Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow.
 The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'.
 that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow.
 Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead.
 This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder.
 The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally.
 The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally.
 Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions.
 Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason.
 Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification.
 Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds.
 While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008.
 The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate.
 It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders.
 Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned.
 Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public.
 Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.
888 7th Avenue
888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors.
 Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City.
 It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters.
 Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation.
 The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.
Villard (imprint)
Villard, also known as Villard Books, is a publishing imprint of Random House, one of the largest publishing companies in the world.
 It was founded in 1983.
 Villard began as an independent imprint of Random House and is currently a sub-imprint of Ballantine Books, itself an imprint of Random House.
 It was named after a Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue that was the home of Random House for twenty years.
Random House Tower
The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex.
 The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.
Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse
The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
 It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower, Federal Court House Tower, and the Stokes Tower.
 The 23-story building is 430 ft tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue.
 It is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.
South Phoenix
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north.
 This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village.
 The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents.
 Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.
 Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.
Real estate benchmarking
Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property.
 In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement.
 In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill, Calgary
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
 Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west.
 Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community.
 The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.
Real estate technology
Real Estate Technology or Property Technology, often referred to as ("RE Tech") or ("Proptech"), is an economic industry composed of companies which use technology to make real estate transactions more efficient.
 Real estate technology is a sub-category under financial technology as real estate is an asset class which represents a significant investment.
 Besides for own stay, there are investors who generate income and capital gains by investing in different categories of Real Estate properties over time - They are broadly residential, commercial and industrial.
 Historically used as a more tactical investment or for providing portfolio alpha, real estate has been used as part of a long-term core strategy due to increased market efficiency and increasing concerns about the future long-term variability of stock and bond returns.
 In fact, real estate is known for its ability to serve as a portfolio diversifier and inflation hedge.
Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex
The Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex is a public leisure centre located in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
 It is named in honour of Sir Matt Busby, the football manager who was born in Bellshill in 1909, managed Manchester United from 1945 to 1969 and died in 1994.
1995–96 Manchester United F.C. season
The 1995–96 season was Manchester United's fourth season in the Premier League, and their 21st consecutive season in the top division of English football.
 United finished the season by becoming the first English team to win the Double (league title and FA Cup) twice.
 Their triumph was made all the more remarkable by the fact that Alex Ferguson had sold experienced players Paul Ince, Mark Hughes and Andrei Kanchelskis before the start of the season, and not made any major signings.
 Instead, he had drafted in young players like Nicky Butt, David Beckham, Paul Scholes and the Neville brothers, Gary and Phil.
Alex Ferguson
Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson, CBE (born 31 December 1941) is a Scottish former football manager and player who managed Manchester United from 1986 to 2013.
 He is regarded by many players, managers and analysts to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.
David Beckham Academy
The David Beckham Academy was a football school founded by England international David Beckham in 2005.
 In 2009 it operated in two locations: in London, United Kingdom, and in Los Angeles, California, United States.
 The academy pulled out of the London site at the end of the lease in October 2009, and the California branch closed soon after.
David Beckham's Soccer USA
David Beckham's Soccer USA was a football highlights and general discussion show presented by Tim Lovejoy and produced and broadcast in the United Kingdom by Five.
 The show began following David Beckham's move to Los Angeles Galaxy, and Beckham often contributes to the show in the form of Interviews. Each week there was a special guest in the studio, usually a British sports personality, to whom Lovejoy chatted about their career and their views on Major League Soccer.
 A slightly different version of the show hosted by Natalie Pinkham and completely devoid of any content derived from British studio footage was broadcast in the USA on Fox Soccer Channel.
1996 FA Charity Shield
The 1996 FA Charity Shield (also known as the Littlewoods FA Charity Shield for sponsorship reasons) was the 74th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions.
 The match was played on 11 August 1996 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the Double of Premier League and FA Cup in 1995–96, and Newcastle United, who had finished as runners-up in the Premier League.
 Manchester United won the match 4–0 with goals from Eric Cantona, Nicky Butt, David Beckham and Roy Keane.
Joshua Parlby
Joshua Parlby (born 1855 in Longton, Staffordshire) was an English football manager who managed Manchester City in the 1890s.
Ernest Mangnall
James Ernest Mangnall (4 January 1866 – 13 January 1932) was an English football manager who started his career with Burnley and managed Manchester United between 1903–1912 and then went on to manage Manchester City from 1912–1924, and is the only man to date to have managed both clubs.
The Class of '92
The Class of '92 is a 2013 British documentary film, released on 1 December 2013.
 The film centres on the rise of six young Manchester United footballers – David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes – and details their careers for Manchester United starting in 1992.
Matt Busby
Sir Alexander Matthew Busby, CBE, KCSG (26 May 1909 – 20 January 1994) was a Scottish football player and manager, who managed Manchester United between 1945 and 1969 and again for the second half of the 1970–71 season.
 He is widely regarded as one of the greatest managers of all time.
 His managerial records and longevity at the helm of Manchester United are surpassed only by Sir Alex Ferguson.
Fishing Lake
Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.
 The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16, 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan, and 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan.
 The lake does not have an effective outlet channel, and so is prone to flooding.
 Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel.
 The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed this plan, and instead flood control berms were constructed.
Neosho State Fishing Lake
Neosho State Fishing Lake, also known as Lake McKinley is located in the state of Kansas.
 Located 5 mi north on highway 59 and 4 mi east on 40th Rd from the city of Parsons, Kansas, USA.
 Construction of this lake was completed in 1927.
 The lake covers 92 acre of water.
 There are 124 public use acres surrounding the lake.
 Fishing, camping, and picnicking are popular activities.
 The park has a shelter house, fishing piers, picnic tables, barbecue grills, vault toilets and water hydrant.
 Below Lake McKinley dam is a catch and release youth fishing pond for anglers age 15 and under when with an accompanying adult.
 The lake is operated by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.
Higgins Lake
Higgins Lake is a large recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 The 9,900 acre (40 km²) lake is known for its deep, clear waters and is the 10th largest in Michigan with a shoreline of 21 mi .
 It is named after Sylvester Higgins, the first chief of the topographical department of the Michigan Geological Survey.
 It has a maximum width of 4 mi and a length of 7 mi with a maximum depth of 135 ft .
 The mean depth is 44 ft and the lake contains almost 20 billion cubic feet (570 million m³) of water.
 Its retention time is about 12.5 years.
 The lake's watershed covers 19,000 acres (77 km²).
 The twin-lobed lake receives half of its water from submerged springs, six percent from incoming streams, and the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff.
 It drains into Marl Lake by the Cut River which runs into Houghton Lake and eventually to Lake Michigan.
 A mile north of the lake, water flows into the Lake Huron watershed.
Shawnee State Fishing Lake
Shawnee State Fishing Lake is approximately eight miles northwest of Topeka, Kansas, and is in northern Shawnee County, Kansas.
 This lake is sometimes confused with Lake Shawnee, on the east side of Topeka.
 It is a 135 acre surface area lake with a maximum depth of 25 ft .
 This is a manmade freshwater lake, which was constructed in the late 1960s.
 The lake is widest at the dam, which is at the south end of the lake.
 It can be reached by a number of roads.
 The only asphalted road reaching it is on the southeast corner.
 To the north is 94th Street and on the west side is Humphrey Road.
Brown State Fishing Lake
Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.
 The lake is 62 acres (0.25 km²) in area and up to 13 feet (4 m) deep.
 The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park, and is 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha, Kansas.
Osage State Fishing Lake
Osage State Fishing Lake is located in northern Osage County, Kansas.
 It is a mile east of US 75.
 Scranton, Kansas, is to the lake's northwest and Overbrook, Kansas, is to the northeast.
 Osage Lake is a freshwater man-made lake, constructed in 1955.
 It has a surface area of 140 acres, The parkland in which the lake is contained has 366 acreas of land, mostly tall grass prairie with numerous wooded areas.
 The lake is owned by the State of Kansas.
Higgins Lake, Michigan
Higgins Lake is a small unincorporated community along the southern and western shores of Higgins Lake, a recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Higgins Lake is the name of the post office for the area, with ZIP code 48627.
 This ZIP code includes several other small communities and locales along the shores of the lake, including (moving counter-clockwise around the lake) Hillcrest, Lyon Manor, Detroit Park, Cook Corner, Sharps Corner, Almeda Beach, Oak Grove, Ritz Corner, Pine Bluffs, and Cottage Grove.
 Since all have Higgins Lake as a postal address, they are often all considered as part of the Higgins Lake community.
 The lake is situated on the boundary between Lyon Township on the west and Gerrish Township on the east.
 US 127 passes on the west side of the lake while I-75 and M-18 both pass a few miles to the east.
 Houghton Lake is just a few miles to the south.
Wilson Lake (Iron County, Wisconsin)
Wilson Lake is located in Iron County, outside of Wilson Creek Flowage.
 It is one of seven lakes in the state with the name Wilson Lake.
 This particular lake is a popular fishing lake 5 mi from the town of Mercer.
 With three bays, it has two islands and water feed and drain in the South Bay of the lake.
 The public boat landing is in the Main Bay on the west side of the lake.
 The North Bay has the most marsh vegetation.
 There are many cabins located on the lake for residents and vacationers to the North Woods.
Narrow Hills Provincial Park
Narrow Hills Provincial Park is provincial park in Saskatchewan, Canada.
 It contains a series of recreational facilities and a variety of lakes within its boundaries.
 These include the Gem Lakes, Lower Fishing Lake, Upper Fishing Lake and others.
Commanda Lake
Commanda Lake (or Lake Commanda) is a lake in central Ontario, Canada.
 Located on the border between Patterson Township and Pringle Township, in the Almaguin Highlands region of the District of Parry Sound, it is fed by Gee Creek, Commanda Creek and Beaudry Creek and is drained by the Restoule River.
 The Lake is shaped like the number "3", its middle spur is called Deep Bay.
 The lake is home to one permanent island, located off a point in its east.
 This is a mud bottom lake and its water is "tea coloured."
 On the north shore of the lake is the community of Restoule, but cottages line many of the shore lines.
 Lots of crown land also surrounds the lake shore making it a very peaceful lake for people of all ages to enjoy.
 This lake has one public boat launch towards the southern end of the lake accessible on Commanda Lake Road.
 The lake is located at an altitude of 222 m (729 ft) above sea level.
 The lake is home to the Northern pike, Walleye, Smallmouth bass and Largemouth bass species of fish.
 Ice gets thick in the winter making this lake an all year round fishing lake.
Vermont Catamounts men's soccer
The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team represents the University of Vermont in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions.
 The team competes in the America East Conference.
2014–15 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2014–15 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by fourth year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 20–14, 12–4 in America East play to finish in a tie for second place.
 They advanced to the semifinals of the America East Tournament where they lost to Stony Brook.
 They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they defeated Hofstra in the first round and Radford in the quarterfinals before losing in the semifinals to Louisiana–Monroe.
2015–16 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2015–16 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by fifth year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 23–14, 11–5 in America East play to finish in a tie for third place.
 They Maine and New Hampshire to advance to the championship game of the America East Tournament where they lost to Stony Brook.
 They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they defeated Western Carolina and Seattle to advance to the seminfinals where they lost to Nevada.
2012–13 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2012–13 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by second year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 21–12, 11–5 in America East play to finish in a tie for second place.
 They advanced to the championship game of the America East Tournament where they lost to Albany.
 They were invited to the 2013 College Basketball Invitational where they lost in the first round to Santa Clara.
Vermont Catamounts men's basketball
The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team is the basketball team that represents the University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont.
 The school's team currently competes in the America East Conference and plays its home games at Patrick Gym.
 The team has reached the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament six times, in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2010, 2012, and 2017.
 UVM famously upset Syracuse University in the first round of the 2005 tournament.
 The Catamounts are coached by John Becker.
2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts won their third consecutive America East Conference regular season Championship but lost in the semifinals of the conference tournament to Stony Brook.
 The Catamounts got invited to the National Invitation Tournament but lost in the first round to Cleveland State, 63–60.
2013–14 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2013–14 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by third year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 22–11, 15–1 in America East play to win the America East regular season championship.
 They advanced to the semifinals of the America East Conference Tournament where they lost to Albany.
 As a regular season conference champion who failed to win their conference tournament, the received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament where they lost in the first round to Georgia.
Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey
The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I college ice hockey program that represents the University of Vermont.
 The Catamounts are a member of Hockey East, joining in 2005 after competing in ECAC Hockey from 1974-2005.
 They play home games at Gutterson Fieldhouse in Burlington, Vermont.
 Vermont has appeared in the NCAA Men's Hockey Championship five times since making the move to Division I in 1974-75 including trips to the Frozen Four in 1996 and 2009.
2011–12 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2011–12 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by first year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and are members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 24–12, 13–3 in America East play to finish in second place.
 They were champions of the America East Basketball Tournament and earned the conference's automatic bid into the 2012 NCAA Tournament.
 They defeated Lamar in the "First Four" round before falling to North Carolina in the second round.
2016–17 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2016–17 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
 The Catamounts, led by sixth-year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym in Burlington, Vermont and were members of the America East Conference.
 They finished the season 29–6, 16–0 in America East play to win the America East regular season championship.
 In the America East Tournament, they defeated Maine, New Hampshire and Albany to win the tournament championship.
 As a result, they received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
 As a No. 13 seed in the Midwest region, they lost to No. 4-seeded Purdue in the first round.
Mignon
Mignon is an "opéra comique" (or opera in its second version) in three acts by Ambroise Thomas.
 The original French libretto was by Jules Barbier and Michel Carré, based on Goethe's novel "Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre".
 The Italian version was translated by Giuseppe Zaffira.
 The opera is mentioned in James Joyce's "The Dead" ("Dubliners") and Willa Cather's "The Professor's House".
 Thomas's goddaughter Mignon Nevada was named after the main character.
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi
Teatro Giuseppe Verdi (the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre) is a small opera house located in a wing of the Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino on the Piazza Giuseppe Verdi in Busseto, Italy, a town closely associated with the life of the opera composer, Giuseppe Verdi.
 From the 13th century, the “rocca” or “fortress” was the family’s palace; it is now the city hall after being acquired by the municipality in 1856.
 The theatre opened on 15 August 1868 and seats 300.
Parma Airport
Parma Airport (Italian: "Aeroporto di Parma" , IATA: PMF, ICAO: LIMP ) is located 1.3 NM northwest of Parma, a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.
 The airport was opened on 5 May 1991.
 It is also known as Giuseppe Verdi Airport or Parma "Giuseppe Verdi" Airport, named after Giuseppe Verdi.
Verdi, the King of Melody
Giuseppe Verdi, released theatrically in the USA as The Life and Music of Giuseppe Verdi and on video as Verdi, the King of Melody, is a 1953 Italian biographical film starring Pierre Cressoy and directed by Raffaello Matarazzo.
 It is based on adult life events of the composer Giuseppe Verdi.
 The film was a commercial success, grossing over 957 million lire at the Italian box office.
Armand Castelmary
Armand Castelmary, real name Comte Armand de Castan, born Toulouse 16 August 1834, died New York City 10 February 1897, was a French operatic bass.
 He created roles in three major premieres at the Paris Opera – Don Diego in "L'Africaine" by Meyerbeer (1865), the Monk in Verdi's "Don Carlos" (1867), and Horatio in Ambroise Thomas's "Hamlet" (1868).
 Castelmary also appeared at opera houses in England and the United States, and died onstage at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, during a performance of "Martha" by Friedrich von Flotow.
Giuseppe Verdi (film)
Giuseppe Verdi is a 1938 Italian biographical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Fosco Giachetti, Gaby Morlay and Germana Paolieri.
 The film portrays the life of the composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901).
 The casting of Giachetti as Verdi was intended to emphasise the composer's patriotism, as he had recently played patriotic roles in films such as "The White Squadron".
 The film was made at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
 The film is also known by the alternative title The Life of Giuseppe Verdi.
Giuseppe Verdi Monument
The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi located in Verdi Square Park (between West 72nd and West 73rd streets, between Amsterdam Avenue and Broadway) in Manhattan, New York City.
 The statue, by Pasquale Civiletti (1858–1952), depicts Verdi flanked by four of his most popular characters: Falstaff (on the west side of the statue of Verdi), Leonora of "La forza del destino" (south side), Aida (north side), and Otello (east side).
Ferdinando Provesi
Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi (1770 – 1833) was a native of Parma, Italy.
 He was regarded as one of the greatest Italian opera composers of the era .
 Provesi is best known as being an early tutor of Giuseppe Verdi when he was the "Maestro di cappella" (master of music) at the St. Bartolomeo cathedral in Busseto (the town very close to Le Roncole, the village where Verdi was born.)
 Provesi was also director of the municipal music school and local Philharmonic Society.
 He began teaching Verdi in 1824 when the future composer was 11 years old.
Bernhard Bötel
Bernhard Bötel (1883–1953) was a German operatic tenor and actor who had an active career in Germany and Austria during the first half of the 20th century.
 He made recordings for several record labels during the early years of the recording industry, including His Master's Voice, Odeon Records, Polydor Records, Tri-Ergon, and Vox Records.
 On the stage he sang a variety of roles in operas and operettas from leading parts to comprimario roles.
 His stage repertoire included Belmonte in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", Chapelou in Adolphe Adam's "Le postillon de Lonjumeau", Count Almaviva in Gioachino Rossini's "The Barber of Seville", Daniel in Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow", the Duke of Mantua in Giuseppe Verdi's "Rigoletto", Gabriel von Eisenstein in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus", Indigo in Strauss' "Indigo und die vierzig Räuber", Jeník in Bedřich Smetana's "The Bartered Bride", Paolino in Domenico Cimarosa's "Il matrimonio segreto", Pâris in Jacques Offenbach's "La belle Hélène", Pietro in Franz von Suppé's "Boccaccio", and Wilhelm Meister in Ambroise Thomas' "Mignon".
List of major opera composers
This list provides a guide to opera composers, as determined by their presence on a majority of compiled lists of significant opera composers.
 (See the "Lists Consulted" section for full details.)
 The composers run from Jacopo Peri, who wrote the first ever opera in late 16th century Italy, to John Adams, one of the leading figures in the contemporary operatic world.
 The brief accompanying notes offer an explanation as to why each composer has been considered major.
 Also included is a section about major women opera composers, compiled from the same lists.
 For an introduction to operatic history, see opera.
 The organisation of the list is by birthdate.
Douglas J. Bennet
Douglas Joseph “Doug” Bennet, Jr. (born June 23, 1938) is a former national political official and college president.
 He was the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University, in Middletown, Connecticut, from 1995 to 2007.
 Before that, he served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs in the Clinton Administration (1993–95) and Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs in the Carter administration (1977–79), was the President and CEO of National Public Radio (1983–93), and ran the U.S. Agency for International Development under President Carter (1979–81).
Robert R. Hood
Robert R. Hood is an American government official who currently serves as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
 Hood was previously vice president for government affairs for CH2M.
 Past roles with the federal government include a role at the White House as Special Assistant to the President in the Office of Legislative Affairs and posts at the United States Department of Defense as principal deputy assistant secretary for legislative affairs and as deputy under secretary of defense for budget and appropriations affairs.
 Hood was also the director of congressional affairs at the National Nuclear Security Administration.
United States Assistant Secretary of State
Assistant Secretary of State (A/S) is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State, ranking below the Under Secretaries.
 A set of six Assistant Secretaries reporting to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions, plus one Assistant Secretary dealing with international organizations.
 Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State.
 When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, such as "Director," it can be said to be of "Assistant Secretary equivalent rank."
 Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies, referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).
Robert Hormats
Robert D. "Bob" Hormats (born April 13, 1943, in Baltimore, Maryland) is Vice Chairman of Kissinger Associates.
 Immediately prior he served as Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment (at the time, entitled Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs) from 2009 to 2013.
 Hormats was formerly Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs (International), which he joined in 1982.
 He served as Senior Deputy Assistant Secretary, from 1977 to 1979, and Assistant Secretary of State, from 1981 to 1982, at the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs (formerly Bureau of Economic, Energy, and Business Affairs).
 He was Ambassador and Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 1979 to 1981.
 He served as a senior staff member for International Economic Affairs on the United States National Security Council from 1969 to 1977, where he was senior economic adviser to Henry Kissinger, General Brent Scowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski.
 He helped to manage the Nixon administration's opening of diplomatic relations with China's communist government.
 He was a recipient of the French Legion of Honor in 1982 and the Arthur S. Flemming Award in 1974.
Roger O. Egeberg
Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. (13 November 1902 – 13 September 1997 Washington, D.C.) was an American medical educator, administrator and advocate of public health.
 He was General Douglas MacArthur's personal physician during World War II in the Pacific theater.
 His other roles included Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) during the Nixon administration and Dean of the University of Southern California's medical school.
Edward D. Martin
Rear Admiral Edward Dana Martin (MD) is the former Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs).
 He was appointed to two terms, originally in 1993 and once again in 1997.
 Martin served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to the military health system, health.mil.
 The Military Health System (MHS) mission is to provide optimal Health Services in support of the United States' military mission.
 The MHS is a unique partnership of medical educators, medical researchers, and healthcare providers and their support personnel worldwide.
 This DoD enterprise consists of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs); the medical departments of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Combatant Command surgeons; and TRICARE providers (including private sector healthcare providers, hospitals and pharmacies).
Steven K. Galson
Steven Kenneth Galson (born 1956) is an American public health physician.
 He is currently Senior Vice President for Global Regulatory Affairs at Amgen, the S. California-based innovative global biopharmaceutical company.
 He is also Professor-at-Large at the Keck Graduate Institute for Applied Life Sciences in Clarmont, California.
 He is a retired rear admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and public health administrator who served as the acting Surgeon General of the United States from October 1, 2007 – October 1, 2009.
 He served concurrently as acting Assistant Secretary for Health from January 22, 2009 to June 25, 2009, and as the Deputy Director and Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the Food and Drug Administration from 2001 to 2007.
 As the Acting Surgeon General, he was the commander of the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and, while serving as the Assistant Secretary for Health, was the operational head of the Public Health Service.
George P. Taylor
Lieutenant General George Peach Taylor Jr.
 USAF (Ret.)
 (born 1953) was the 18th Surgeon General of the United States Air Force, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. General Taylor served as the senior Air Force officer responsible for comprehensive management of the Air Force Medical Service.
 In this capacity, he advises the Secretary of the Air Force and Air Force Chief of Staff, as well as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, on matters pertaining to the medical aspects of the air expeditionary force and the health care of 2.6 million Air Force beneficiaries.
 The Surgeon General has authority to commit resources for the Air Force Medical Service, to make decisions affecting the delivery of medical services, and to develop plans, programs and procedures to support worldwide medical service missions.
 The Surgeon General exercises direction, guidance and technical management of more than 42,000 people assigned to 74 medical treatment facilities worldwide.
 From September 7, 2010 - December 22, 2010 he served as the acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs
Bradford P. Campbell
Bradford P. Campbell was the Assistant Secretary for Employee Benefits Security of the United States Department of Labor (DOL), the official in charge of the Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA).
 Mr. Campbell was nominated by President George W. Bush as Assistant Secretary on May 3, 2007, and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on August 3, 2007.
 He held the position until January 20, 2009.
 Prior to his confirmation as Assistant Secretary, Mr. Campbell had served as Acting Assistant Secretary since October 30, 2006 and as EBSA's Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy since March 5, 2004.
Office of Population Affairs
The Office of Population Affairs (OPA), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services within the Office of Public Health and Science, serves as the focal point to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Health on a wide range of reproductive health topics, including adolescent pregnancy, family planning, and sterilization, as well as other population issues.
 Created by an Act of Congress in 1970 (Public Law 91-572, 84 Stat.
 1504, Dec. 24.
 1970), the Office of Population Affairs, under the direction of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs (DASPA), has three component offices responsible for the oversight of program functions: Office of Family Planning, Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs, and Office of Research and Evaluation.
Gretchen Osgood Warren
Gretchen Osgood Warren (19 March 1868 – September 1961), the wife of Fiske Warren, was an actress, singer and poet.
 The daughter of Dr. Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood of Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts, her younger sister was Mary Alden Childers, the wife of writer and Irish nationalist Robert Erskine Childers.
 Her nephew Erskine Hamilton Childers served as the fourth President of Ireland from 1973-74.
R509 road (Ireland)
The R509 road, following part of the Childers Road (named after Erskine Childers), is a regional road in Ireland, running through the southeastern side of Limerick City.
 It forms what is somewhat akin to an inner ring road (albeit mostly two-lane only).
Erskine Barton Childers
Erskine Barton Childers (11 March 1929 – 25 August 1996) was an Irish writer, BBC correspondent and United Nations senior civil servant.
 He was the eldest son of Erskine Hamilton Childers (Ireland's fourth President) and Ruth Ellen Dow Childers.
 His grandparents Mary Alden Childers and Robert Erskine Childers and the latter's double first cousin Robert Barton were all Irish nationalists involved heavily with the negotiation of Irish independence; which ultimately led to his grandfather's execution during the Irish Civil War.
 His great aunt was Gretchen Osgood Warren.
Robert Caesar Childers
Robert Caesar Childers (1838 – 25 July 1876) was a British Orientalist scholar, compiler of the first Pāli-English dictionary.
 Childers was the husband of Anna Barton of Ireland.
 He was the father of Irish nationalist Robert Erskine Childers and grandfather to the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.
Robert Erskine Childers
Robert Erskine Childers DSC (25 June 1870 – 24 November 1922), universally known as Erskine Childers, was a British writer, whose works included the influential novel "The Riddle of the Sands", and a Fenian revolutionary who smuggled guns to Ireland in his sailing yacht "Asgard".
 He was executed by the authorities of the nascent Irish Free State during the Irish Civil War.
 He was the son of British Orientalist scholar Robert Caesar Childers; the cousin of Hugh Childers and Robert Barton; and the father of the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.
Asgard (yacht)
Asgard is a 51 ft gaff rigged yacht.
 She was owned by the English-born writer and Irish nationalist Erskine Childers and his wife Molly Childers.
 She is most noted for her use in the Howth gun-running of 1914.
Robert Barton
Robert Childers Barton (4 March 1881 – 10 August 1975) was an Irish nationalist, politician and farmer who participated in the negotiations leading up to the signature of the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
 His father was Charles William Barton and his mother was Agnes Childers.
 His wife was Rachel Warren of Boston, daughter of Fiske Warren.
 His double first cousin and close friend was Robert Erskine Childers.
The Riddle of the Sands (film)
The Riddle of the Sands is a 1979 English spy thriller cinema film based upon the novel of the same name written by Erskine Childers.
 Set in 1901, and starring Michael York and Simon MacCorkindale, it concerns the efforts of two English yachtsmen to avert a plot by the II Reich to launch a military seaborne invasion of England.
Irish Bulletin
The Irish Bulletin was the official gazette of the government of the Irish Republic.
 It was produced by the Department of Propaganda during the Irish War of Independence.
 and its offices were originally located at No. 6 Harcourt Street, Dublin.
 The paper's first editor was Desmond FitzGerald, until his arrest and replacement by Robert Erskine Childers.
 "The Bulletin" appeared in weekly editions from 11 November 1919 to 11 July 1921.
Molly Childers
Mary Alden Osgood Childers, MBE (14 December 1875 – 1 January 1964) was an American-born Irish writer and Irish nationalist.
 She was the daughter of Dr Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood of Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts.
 Her older sister was Gretchen Osgood Warren.
 Molly married the writer and Irish nationalist, Robert Erskine Childers.
 Their son, Erskine Hamilton Childers, became the fourth President of Ireland.